Record the supported postgres versions for 2.x (#798)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.7.9/docs/canton/usermanual/FAQ.rst

Postgres
~~~~~~~~

Canton is tested with the following PostgreSQL releases:  12, 13, 14, and 15.

> Newer PostgreSQL releases may not have been tested.  THe recommended version
> is 12. Canton will WARN when a higher version is encountered. By default,
> Canton will not start when the PostgreSQL version is below 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer PostgreSQL releases may not have been tested. The recommended version
is 12. Canton WARNs when a higher version is encountered. By default,
Canton does not start when the PostgreSQL version is below 10.
```
